Short Reflection



* What inspired your branding?
* What inspired my branding is  my overall interest and career path I'm trying to 
  walk through. And that is computer, and considering I'm a BS Information
  Technology student it is a fitting branding and will know what kind of person I
  show and my interest. This branding will also let the people viewing me know that
  I'm the person who is inside this field and knows a thing or two in the field of computers.                                                              

* How did you choose your palette?
* How I chose my color palette is very simple. First I gotta know my interests. And I
  know that my interest is technology, and because of that interest I chose teal as
  the color that will get the attention of the eye immediately and the rest is black,
  white, dark gray. Because this color palette for me feels “techy” and because this 
  color palette aligns with my interest so I choose this color palette as part of my branding. 


* What was challenging in creating the logo?
* For me the challenge in creating the logo is thinking what kind of logo because 
  the logo is what who you are, and knowing what kind of logo you need makes 
  people think when they see the logo as “that person” or “that brand”. So it needs 
  to be unique to you and that fits you. My logo is a combination of the first letter of
  my 2 first names “John” and “Francis”. And when people read they read starting
  on the left. I put F in the left because that's the name people call me and J in the
  right because John is rarely used by people.


* How do you plan to use this branding in future projects?
* I’m planning to use the color palette more in the future because I really like it,
  especially the banner. I am proud of how the banner turns out because the
  banner fits well in my interest and career plans. And I am planning on
  using it on other platforms, not just instagram. Like instagram, facebook, linkdin, and other
  social media platforms that will recognize the color pattern because in branding 
  its all about recognizing.
